docs/userguide/basics.rst, before:

Basic Concepts
==============

Familiarizing yourself with the following underlying basic concepts will help you get up and running with the SDK.

.. include:: SDK_plural_note.rst

REST URIs
---------

You can directly infer REST URIs from the python expressions, and vice versa.

.. topic:: Examples

    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     mgmt = ManagementRoot('<ip_address>', '<username>', '<password>')
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/

    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     cm = mgmt.cm('<ip_address>', '<username>', '<password>')
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/cm

    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     tm = mgmt.tm('<ip_address>', '<username>', '<password>')
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/tm


    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     ltm = mgmt.tm.ltm('<ip_address>', '<username>', '<password>')
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/tm/ltm/


    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     pools1 = mgmt.tm.ltm.pools
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/tm/ltm/pool


    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     pool_a = pools1.create(partition="Common", name="foo")
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/tm/ltm/pool/~Common~foo


REST Endpoints
--------------
A set of basic REST endpoints can be derived from the object's URI and ``kind`` (listed below).

  - |Organizing Collection Section|
  - |Collection Section|
  - |Resource Section|
  - |Subcollection Section|
  - |Subcollection Resource Section|


Dynamic Attributes
------------------

The python object's attribute can be created dynamically based on the JSON returned when querying the REST API.

.. _kind_params_section:

iControl® REST ``kind`` Parameters
----------------------------------

Almost all iControl® REST API entries contain a parameter named ``kind``. This parameter provides information about the object that lets you know what you should expect to follow it. The iControl® REST API uses three types of ``kind``: ``collectionstate``, ``state``, and ``stats``.

.. table::

    +---------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
    | ``kind``            | Associated Objects       | Methods                                         |
    +=====================+==========================+=================================================+
    | ``collectionstate`` | |Organizing Collection|, | |exists|                                        |
    |                     | |Collection|             |                                                 |
    +---------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
    | ``state``           | |Resource|               | |create|, |update|, |refresh|, |delete|,        |
    |                     |                          | |load|, |exists|                                |
    +---------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
    | ``stats``           | |Resource|               | |refresh|, |load|, |exists|                     |
    +---------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+


.. _methods_section:

Methods
-------

+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Method    | HTTP Command  | Action(s)                                                         |
+===========+===============+===================================================================+
| |create|  | POST          | | creates a new resource on the device with its own URI           |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |update|  | PUT           | | submits a new configuration to the device resource; sets the    |
|           |               | | Resource attributes to the state reported by the device         |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |refresh| | GET           | | obtains the state of a device resource; sets the representing   |
|           |               | | Python Resource Object; tracks device state via its attributes  |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |delete|  | DELETE        | | removes the resource from the device, sets ``self.__dict__``    |
|           |               | | to ``{'deleted': True}``                                        |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |load|    | GET           | | obtains the state of an existing resource on the device; sets   |
|           |               | | the Resource attributes to match that state                     |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |exists|  | GET           | | checks for the existence of an object on the BIG-IP®            |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. note::

    Available methods are restricted according to the object's ``kind``.

Commit message:

Adds docs for modify method and rest proxy
Issues:
Fixes #1084

Problem:
docs for these were never added. appears most of our docs are
no longer updated

Analysis:
this begins to fix that

Tests:

docs/userguide/basics.rst, after:

Basic Concepts
==============

Familiarizing yourself with the following underlying basic concepts will help you get up and running with the SDK.

.. include:: SDK_plural_note.rst

REST URIs
---------

You can directly infer REST URIs from the python expressions, and vice versa.

.. topic:: Examples

    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     mgmt = ManagementRoot('<ip_address>', '<username>', '<password>')
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/

    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     cm = mgmt.cm('<ip_address>', '<username>', '<password>')
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/cm

    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     tm = mgmt.tm('<ip_address>', '<username>', '<password>')
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/tm


    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     ltm = mgmt.tm.ltm('<ip_address>', '<username>', '<password>')
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/tm/ltm/


    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     pools1 = mgmt.tm.ltm.pools
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/tm/ltm/pool


    .. code-block:: python

        Expression:     pool_a = pools1.create(partition="Common", name="foo")
        URI Returned:   https://<ip_address>/mgmt/tm/ltm/pool/~Common~foo


REST Endpoints
--------------
A set of basic REST endpoints can be derived from the object's URI and ``kind`` (listed below).

  - |Organizing Collection Section|
  - |Collection Section|
  - |Resource Section|
  - |Subcollection Section|
  - |Subcollection Resource Section|


Dynamic Attributes
------------------

The python object's attribute can be created dynamically based on the JSON returned when querying the REST API.

.. _kind_params_section:

iControl® REST ``kind`` Parameters
----------------------------------

Almost all iControl® REST API entries contain a parameter named ``kind``. This parameter provides information about the object that lets you know what you should expect to follow it. The iControl® REST API uses three types of ``kind``: ``collectionstate``, ``state``, and ``stats``.

.. table::

    +---------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
    | ``kind``            | Associated Objects       | Methods                                         |
    +=====================+==========================+=================================================+
    | ``collectionstate`` | |Organizing Collection|, | |exists|                                        |
    |                     | |Collection|             |                                                 |
    +---------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
    | ``state``           | |Resource|               | |create|, |update|, |refresh|, |delete|,        |
    |                     |                          | |load|, |exists|                                |
    +---------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
    | ``stats``           | |Resource|               | |refresh|, |load|, |exists|                     |
    +---------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+


.. _methods_section:

Methods
-------

+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Method    | HTTP Command  | Action(s)                                                         |
+===========+===============+===================================================================+
| |create|  | POST          | | creates a new resource on the device with its own URI           |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |update|  | PUT           | | submits a new configuration to the device resource; sets the    |
|           |               | | Resource attributes to the state reported by the device         |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |modify|  | PATCH         | | submits a new configuration to the device resource; sets only   |
|           |               | | the attributes specified in `modify` method. This is different  |
|           |               | | from `update` because update will change all the attributes, not|
|           |               | | only the ones that you specify.                                 |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |refresh| | GET           | | obtains the state of a device resource; sets the representing   |
|           |               | | Python Resource Object; tracks device state via its attributes  |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |delete|  | DELETE        | | removes the resource from the device, sets ``self.__dict__``    |
|           |               | | to ``{'deleted': True}``                                        |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |load|    | GET           | | obtains the state of an existing resource on the device; sets   |
|           |               | | the Resource attributes to match that state                     |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| |exists|  | GET           | | checks for the existence of an object on the BIG-IP®            |
+-----------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. note::

    Available methods are restricted according to the object's ``kind``.
